How does HTTP work?
Explain your understanding and expertise on both the software development side and the techinical operations side of an organization you have worked for the past?
Discuss your experience building bridges between IT Ops, QA and development?
What types of testing are needed?
Give me an example of how you would handle projects?
What's your career objective in your role as a DevOps engineer?
How would you make software deployable?
What is the most important thing DevOps helps do?
Which scripting languages do you think are most important for a DevOps engineer?
how do you expert you would be required to multitask as a DevOps professional?
What testing is necessary to ensure that a new service is ready for production?
 What's a PTR in DNS?
 Describe two-factor authentication?
 Tell us about CI tools that you are familiar with?
 What are adventages of NoSQL database over RDBMS?
 What is an MX record in DNS?
 What is the difference between RAID 0 and RAID 1?
 How would you prepare for a migration?
 What's your systems background?
 What DevOps tools have you worked with?
 How much have you interacted with cloud based software development?
 What other tools are you familiar with that might help you in this role?
 Are you familiar with just Linux or have you worked with Windows environments as well?
 How can you reduce load  time of a dynamic website?
 Describe your experience implementing continous deployment?
 How would you ensure traceability?
 What was youor greatest achievement on a recent project?
 What problems did you face anf how did you solve them in a way that met the team's goals?
 --------------------------------------------------------------
 PUPPET
 --------------------------------------------------------------
 What is Puppet?
 What is Manifests?
 What is Module? and How it is different from Manifest?
 Command to check requests of Certificates?
 Command to sign requested Certificates?
 Where Puppet Master stores Certificates?
 What is Facter?
 What is the use of etckeeper-commit-post and etckeeper-commit-pre on Puppet Agent?
 What is Puppet Kick?
 What is MCollective?
 What's special about Puppet's model driven design?
 Why does Puppet have its own language?
 Can Puppet manage worksatations?
 Does Puppet run on Windows?
 What size organizations should use Puppet?
 My servers are all unique; can Puppet still help?
 